README.md, before:

irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js
==========================

Switch channels/conversations quickly without a mouse.

1. Type any part of a buffer name where you normally type messages.
2. Hit `Ctrl+G`

The activation key can be changed by editing the source.

See also: [irccloud.AlwaysMarkRead](https://github.com/raneksi/irccloud-alwaysmarkread).

## Installation

I have tested the userscript on Chrome and Firefox using Greasemonkey.

### Firefox

1. Install [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/).
2. Go to http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/177846.user.js and click **Install**.

### Chrome

#### Method 1 (Recommended)

This method provides automatic updates for the script.

1. Install [Tampermonkey extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo) on Chrome Store.
2. Go to http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/177846.user.js and click
   **OK** to confirm installation.

#### Method 2

1. Download [irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js](https://github.com/raneksi/irccloud-bufswitch/raw/master/irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js) to your computer.
2. Go to the extension view in Chrome ([chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions)).
3. Drag the `irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js` file on the extension page. It
   should say "Drop to install" as you do so.

Commit message:

readme: add link to bookmarklet

README.md, after:

irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js
==========================

Switch channels/conversations quickly without a mouse.

1. Type any part of a buffer name where you normally type messages.
2. Hit `Ctrl+G`

The activation key can be changed by editing the source.

See also: [irccloud.AlwaysMarkRead](https://github.com/raneksi/irccloud-alwaysmarkread).

## Try Without Installing

GitHub doesn't allow bookmarklets in READMEs, [follow this link](http://raneksi.github.io/irccloud-bufswitch/bookmarklet.html).

## Installation

I have tested the userscript on Chrome and Firefox using Greasemonkey.

### Firefox

1. Install [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/).
2. Go to http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/177846.user.js and click **Install**.

### Chrome

#### Method 1 (Recommended)

This method provides automatic updates for the script.

1. Install [Tampermonkey extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo) on Chrome Store.
2. Go to http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/177846.user.js and click
   **OK** to confirm installation.

#### Method 2

1. Download [irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js](https://github.com/raneksi/irccloud-bufswitch/raw/master/irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js) to your computer.
2. Go to the extension view in Chrome ([chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions)).
3. Drag the `irccloud.BufSwitch.user.js` file on the extension page. It
   should say "Drop to install" as you do so.
